Update links in DALI readme (#5660)
NVIDIA/DALI: README.rst

---------------------

- `During Kaggle computer vision competitions <https://www.kaggle.com/code/theoviel/rsna-breast-baseline-faster-inference-with-dali>`__:
  `"DALI is one of the best things I have learned in this competition" <https://www.kaggle.com/competitions/rsna-breast-cancer-detection/discussion/391059>`__
- `Lightning Pose - state of the art pose estimation research model <https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC10168383/>`__
- `To improve the resource utilization in Advanced Computing Infrastructure <https://arcwiki.rs.gsu.edu/en/dali/using_nvidia_dali_loader>`__
- `MLPerf - the industry standard for benchmarking compute and deep learning hardware and software <https://developer.nvidia.com/blog/mlperf-hpc-v1-0-deep-dive-into-optimizations-leading-to-record-setting-nvidia-performance/>`__
- `"we optimized major models inside eBay with the DALI framework" <https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/on-demand/session/gtc24-s62578/>`__

----

DALI Roadmap
------------

`The following issue represents <https://github.com/NVIDIA/DALI/issues/5320>`__ a high-level overview of our 2024 plan. You should be aware that this

> roadmap may change at any time and the order below does not reflect any type of priority.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
roadmap may change at any time and the order of its items does not reflect any type of priority.
```
Nitpick: in this readme, it's not "below"

Author: Fixed
